refactor: Slash commands (#936)
discordjs/guide: guide/interactions/registering-slash-commands.md

If you already have slash commands set up for your application and want to learn how to respond to them, refer to [the following page](/interactions/replying-to-slash-commands.md).
:::

A slash command can be registered as either a **guild command** or a **global command**.

**Guild commands** are only available to the guild you specify when registering the command. Guild commands are NOT available in DMs.

**Global commands** are available for every guild that adds your bot. A user can also use a bot's global commands in DMs if that bot shares a mutual guild with the user.

Command names are UNIQUE per bot, within each scope (global and guild). That means:

- Your bot **cannot** have two global commands with the same name
- Your bot **cannot** have two guild commands with the same name on the same guild
- Your bot **can** have a global and guild command with the same name
- Multiple bots **can** have commands with the same names

A bot can have up to 100 global commands.

A bot can have up to 100 guild commands per guild.

> - A slash command's `name` must be all lowercase matching `^[\w-]{1,32}$`. (Max. character count is **32**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A slash command's `name` must be all lowercase matching `^[\w-]{1,32}$` (the maximum character count is **32**).
```

With this in mind, it's really straightforward how to edit or delete slash commands.

### Edit

To edit a slash command, simply change the structure of an existing slash command, and run the deployment script again to register the "new set of commands".

Example: Let's edit the `ping` command by changing the `description` of it.

Before:
```js {6}
const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('@discordjs/builders');

module.exports = {
	data: new SlashCommandBuilder()
		.setName('ping')
		.setDescription('Replies with Pong!'),
	async execute(interaction) {
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
	},
};
```

After:
```js {6}
const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('@discordjs/builders');

module.exports = {
	data: new SlashCommandBuilder()
		.setName('ping')
		.setDescription('Replies with Pong!!!'),
	async execute(interaction) {
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
	},
};
```

Finally, run the following command again to register the "new set of commands":
```sh:no-line-numbers
node deploy-commands.js
```

### Delete

> To delete a slash command, simply exclude it from the array that gets passed to `rest.put()`, and run the deploymnent script again to register the "new set of commands".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a slash command, simply exclude it from the array that gets passed to `rest.put()`, and run the deployment script again to register the "new set of commands".
```

#### Delete one command

> Let's delete the `user` command as an example. You simply exclude it from the `commands` array in the deployment script. Since we are using the command handler to load all the command files that are inside the `commands` folder, this means we just need to delete the `user.js` file from the folder, or simply move it to another directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's delete the `user` command as an example. You simply exclude it from the `commands` array in the deployment script. Since you are using the command handler to load all the command files that are inside the `commands` folder, this means you just need to delete the `user.js` file from the folder, or simply move it to another directory.
```

```:no-line-numbers
VALID

command
|
|__ subcommand
|
|__ subcommand

----

command
|
|__ subcommand-group
    |
    |__ subcommand
|
|__ subcommand-group
    |
    |__ subcommand

-------

INVALID

command
|
|__ subcommand-group
    |
    |__ subcommand-group
|
|__ subcommand-group
    |
    |__ subcommand-group

----

INVALID

command
|
|__ subcommand
    |
    |__ subcommand-group
|
|__ subcommand
    |
    |__ subcommand-group
```

**Example walkthrough**

Let's look at an example. Let's imagine you run a moderation bot. You want to make a `/permissions` command that can do the following:

- **Get** the guild permissions for a **user** or a **role**
- **Get** the permissions for a **user** or a **role** on a specific channel
- **Edit** the guild permissions for a **user** or a **role**
- **Edit** the permissions for a **user** or a **role** on a specific channel

We'll start by defining the top-level information for `/permissions`:

![](./images/subcommand-example.png)

```js:no-line-numbers
new SlashCommandBuilder()
  .setName('permissions')
  .setDescription('Get or edit permissions for a user or a role')
```

> Now we have a command named `permissions`. We want this command to be able to affect **users** and **roles**. Rather than making two separate commands (for example, `permissions-users` and `permissions-role`), we can use subcommand groups. We want to use subcommand groups here because we are grouping subcommands (`get` and `edit`) on a similar resource: `user` or `role`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have a command named `permissions` and want this command to be able to affect **users** and **roles**. Rather than making two separate commands (for example, `permissions-users` and `permissions-role`), you can use subcommand groups. It's recomended to use subcommand groups here because you are grouping subcommands (`get` and `edit`) on a similar resource: `user` or `role`.
```

```js:no-line-numbers {4-11}
new SlashCommandBuilder()
  .setName('permissions')
  .setDescription('Get or edit permissions for a user or a role')
  .addSubcommandGroup(subcommandgroup =>
    subcommandgroup
      .setName('user')
      .setDescription('Get or edit permissions for a user'))
  .addSubcommandGroup(subcommandgroup =>
    subcommandgroup
      .setName('role')
      .setDescription('Get or edit permissions for a role'))
```

> If you registered the command again, you'll notice that a command like this **will NOT show up** in the command explorer. That's because groups are effectively "folders" for commands, and we've made two empty folders. So let's continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you registered the command again, you'll notice that a command like this **won't show up** in the command explorer. That's because groups are effectively "folders" for commands, and you've made two empty folders. So let's continue.
```

> Now that we've effectively made `user` and `role` "folders", we want to be able to either `get` and `edit` permissions. Within the subcommand groups, we can make subcommands for `get` and `edit`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've effectively made `user` and `role` "folders", we want to be able to either `get` and `edit` permissions. Within the subcommand groups, you can make subcommands for `get` and `edit`:
```
I couldn't think another way to say "we want", if you are able, rephrase the sentence. You need to say "you", as said in [contributing file](https://github.com/discordjs/guide/blob/b11eeed9dd181fa1b58b2762414964b1359cc0b3/CONTRIBUTING.md).

              .setRequired(true))
      .addSubcommand(subcommand =>
        subcommand =>
          .setName('edit')
          .setDescription('Edit permissions for a user')
          .addUserOption(option =>
            option.setName('user')
              .setDescription('The user whose permission you want to get')
              .setRequired(true)))
  .addSubcommandGroup(subcommandgroup =>
    subcommandgroup
      .setName('role')
      .setDescription('Get or edit permissions for a role')
      .addSubcommand(subcommand =>
        subcommand =>
          .setName('get')
          .setDescription('Get permissions for a role')
          .addRoleOption(option =>
            option.setName('role')
              .setDescription('The role whose permission you want to get')
              .setRequired(true)))
      .addSubcommand(subcommand =>
        subcommand =>
          .setName('edit')
          .setDescription('Edit permissions for a role')
          .addRoleOption(option =>
            option.setName('role')
              .setDescription('The role whose permission you want to get')
              .setRequired(true)))
```

> And there you have it. You've built the structure of a command that contains subcommand groups, subcommands, and required options. The only thing left to do is to register your new shiny `permissions` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And there you have it. You've built the structure of a command that contains subcommand groups, subcommands and required options. The only thing left to do is to register your new shiny `permissions` command.
```
